docs/Get-CosmosDbDatabase.md, before:

---
external help file: CosmosDB-help.xml
Module Name: CosmosDB
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-CosmosDbDatabase

## SYNOPSIS
Return the databases in a CosmosDB account.

## SYNTAX

### Connection (Default)
```
Get-CosmosDbDatabase -Connection <Connection> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] [-Id <String>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Account
```
Get-CosmosDbDatabase -Account <String> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] [-Id <String>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet will return the databases in a CosmosDB account.
If the Id is specified then only the database matching this
Id will be returned, otherwise all databases will be returned.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -Connection
This is an object containing the connection information of
the CosmosDB database that will be accessed.
It should be created
by \`New-CosmosDbConnection\`.

If the connection contains a database it will be ignored.

```yaml
Type: Connection
Parameter Sets: Connection
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Account
The account name of the CosmosDB to access.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Account
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Key
The key to be used to access this CosmosDB.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyType
The type of key that will be used to access ths CosmosDB.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Master
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Id
This is the Id of the database to get.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Converted to Context instead of Connection

docs/Get-CosmosDbDatabase.md, after:

---
external help file: CosmosDB-help.xml
Module Name: CosmosDB
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-CosmosDbDatabase

## SYNOPSIS
Return the databases in a CosmosDB account.

## SYNTAX

### Context (Default)
```
Get-CosmosDbDatabase -Context <Context> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] [-Id <String>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Account
```
Get-CosmosDbDatabase -Account <String> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] [-Id <String>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet will return the databases in a CosmosDB account.
If the Id is specified then only the database matching this
Id will be returned, otherwise all databases will be returned.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -Context
This is an object containing the context information of
the CosmosDB database that will be accessed.
It should be created
by \`New-CosmosDbContext\`.

If the context contains a database it will be ignored.

```yaml
Type: Context
Parameter Sets: Context
Aliases: Connection

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Account
The account name of the CosmosDB to access.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Account
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Key
The key to be used to access this CosmosDB.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyType
The type of key that will be used to access ths CosmosDB.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Master
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Id
This is the Id of the database to get.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable.
For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
