docs/Get-CosmosDbPermission.md, before:

---
external help file: CosmosDB-help.xml
Module Name: CosmosDB
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-CosmosDbPermission

## SYNOPSIS
Return the permissions for a CosmosDB database user.

## SYNTAX

### Connection (Default)
```
Get-CosmosDbPermission -Connection <Connection> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] [-Database <String>]
 -UserId <String> [-Id <String>] [-TokenExpiry <Int32>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Account
```
Get-CosmosDbPermission -Account <String> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] [-Database <String>]
 -UserId <String> [-Id <String>] [-TokenExpiry <Int32>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet will return the permissions for a specified user
in a CosmosDB database.
If an Id is specified then only the
specified permission will be returned.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -Connection
This is an object containing the connection information of
the CosmosDB database that will be accessed.
It should be created
by \`New-CosmosDbConnection\`.

```yaml
Type: Connection
Parameter Sets: Connection
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Account
The account name of the CosmosDB to access.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Account
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Key
The key to be used to access this CosmosDB.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyType
The type of key that will be used to access ths CosmosDB.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Master
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Database
The name of the database to access in the CosmosDB account.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UserId
This is the id of the user to get the permissions for.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Id
This is the id of the permission to return.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TokenExpiry
This is the number of seconds that the resource token for each
permission will expire in. If not specified the default value
of 3600 seconds (1 hour) is used.

The minimum token expiry is 600 seconds and the maximum token
expiry is 18000 seconds.```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 0
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Converted to Context instead of Connection

docs/Get-CosmosDbPermission.md, after:

---
external help file: CosmosDB-help.xml
Module Name: CosmosDB
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-CosmosDbPermission

## SYNOPSIS
Return the permissions for a CosmosDB database user.

## SYNTAX

### Context (Default)
```
Get-CosmosDbPermission -Context <Context> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] [-Database <String>]
 -UserId <String> [-Id <String>] [-TokenExpiry <Int32>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Account
```
Get-CosmosDbPermission -Account <String> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] [-Database <String>]
 -UserId <String> [-Id <String>] [-TokenExpiry <Int32>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet will return the permissions for a specified user
in a CosmosDB database.
If an Id is specified then only the
specified permission will be returned.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -Context
This is an object containing the context information of
the CosmosDB database that will be accessed.
It should be created
by \`New-CosmosDbContext\`.

```yaml
Type: Context
Parameter Sets: Context
Aliases: Connection

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Account
The account name of the CosmosDB to access.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Account
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Key
The key to be used to access this CosmosDB.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyType
The type of key that will be used to access ths CosmosDB.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Master
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Database
The name of the database to access in the CosmosDB account.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UserId
This is the id of the user to get the permissions for.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Id
This is the id of the permission to return.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TokenExpiry
This is the number of seconds that the resource token for each
permission will expire in.
If not specified the default value
of 3600 seconds (1 hour) is used.

The minimum token expiry is 600 seconds and the maximum token
expiry is 18000 seconds.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 0
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable.
For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
