docs/New-CosmosDbDatabase.md, before:

---
external help file: CosmosDB-help.xml
Module Name: CosmosDB
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-CosmosDbDatabase

## SYNOPSIS

Create a new database in a Cosmos DB account.

## SYNTAX

### Context (Default)

```powershell
New-CosmosDbDatabase -Context <Context> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] -Id <String>
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Account

```powershell
New-CosmosDbDatabase -Account <String> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] -Id <String>
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

This cmdlet will create a database in Cosmos DB.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

```powershell
PS C:\> New-CosmosDbDatabase -Context $cosmosDbContext -Id 'AnotherDatabase'
```

Create a new database in the Cosmos DB account.

## PARAMETERS

### -Account

The account name of the Cosmos DB to access.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Account
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Context

This is an object containing the context information of the Cosmos DB database
that will be deleted. It should be created by \`New-CosmosDbContext\`.

```yaml
Type: Context
Parameter Sets: Context
Aliases: Connection

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Id

This is the Id of the database to create.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Key

The key to be used to access this Cosmos DB.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyType

The type of key that will be used to access ths Cosmos DB.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: master, resource

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Master
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Added OfferThroughput parameter to New-CosmosDbDatabase

docs/New-CosmosDbDatabase.md, after:

---
external help file: CosmosDB-help.xml
Module Name: CosmosDB
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-CosmosDbDatabase

## SYNOPSIS

Create a new database in a Cosmos DB account.

## SYNTAX

### Context (Default)

```powershell
New-CosmosDbDatabase -Context <Context> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] -Id <String>
 [-OfferThroughput <Int32>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Account

```powershell
New-CosmosDbDatabase -Account <String> [-Key <SecureString>] [-KeyType <String>] -Id <String>
 [-OfferThroughput <Int32>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

This cmdlet will create a database in Cosmos DB.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

```powershell
PS C:\> New-CosmosDbDatabase -Context $cosmosDbContext -Id 'AnotherDatabase'
```

Create a new database in the Cosmos DB account.

### Example 2

```powershell
New-CosmosDbDatabase -Context $cosmosDbContext -Id 'DatabaseWithOffer' -OfferThrougput 1200
```

Create a new database in the Cosmos DB account with a
custom offer throughput of 1200 RU/s.

## PARAMETERS

### -Account

The account name of the Cosmos DB to access.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Account
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Context

This is an object containing the context information of the Cosmos DB database
that will be deleted. It should be created by \`New-CosmosDbContext\`.

```yaml
Type: Context
Parameter Sets: Context
Aliases: Connection

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Id

This is the Id of the database to create.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Key

The key to be used to access this Cosmos DB.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyType

The type of key that will be used to access ths Cosmos DB.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: master, resource

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Master
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OfferThroughput

The user specified throughput for the database expressed
in units of 100 request units per second.
This can be between 400 and 100,000.
If not specified the offer throughput will be set to 400 RU/s.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 0
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
